POLYGRAPH EXPERT:
Is your first name "Jeff"?
DELLINGER: Yes.
Are you currently in Illinois?
Yes.
Did you pick the number 12?
Are you now a member
of any group that advocates
the violent overthrow
of the United States government?
No.
Is your first name "Jeff"?
Yes.
Do you work for
the National Security Agency?
Yes.
Have you ever discussed
confidential materials
with individuals
not employed with the
National Security Agency?
No.
Did you pick the number eight?
Have you ever removed
confidential materials
from the workplace?
No.
(mouse clicks)
Did you pick the number 12?
Yes.
Are you currently in
communication with
any foreign national?
(toilet flushing)
(door opens)
(indistinct conversations)
It's not "baby blue's soul."
It's "boy's soul."
That's what Mac thinks it is,
not what it is.
HOPKINS:
What is it, Dell?
Uh, it's both.
First chorus and second.
* You got to pay
the troll toll *
* If you want to get
into that boy's soul... *
Shut up, J.
DELLINGER:
Anything going on?
(sighs)
Cary's on with Clarke.
They're worried about Alicia.
She's still in bed?
Yeah.
CLARKE:
Do you want me to call her?
CARY:
Alicia? No.
She just needs a little time.
What's wrong?
CLARKE:
Well, I was just talking to--
CARY:
Sorry, Clarke, I can't hear you.
I'm at Lockhart/Gardner
and I can't--
Hello.
_I was here about
the Jomt cllent agreement
and Diane Lockhart just asked me
when we were coming in
to discuss the merger.
"Merger"?
CLARKE: _
Yes. Are we merging
with Lockhart/Gardner?
Um, uh... I think this is
something coming from Alicia.
They want our clients, Cary.
They don't want us.
If we merge,
they will squeeze us out.
We're the small fish.
They're the big.
I know. Let me talk to Alicia.
You--
Go ahead.
(Clarke sighs)
I don't want to be
the one saying this;
and you must understand,
I'm speaking purely
about the bottom line--
We have to make decisions
without Alicia.
Yes.
Clearly, she is having...
some difficulties.
You are a co—managing partner.
In her absence,
it's within your rights.
DELLINGER:
Did they add questions
to your last test?
What?
Your last lie detector test,
did they add
any other questions?
I don't know. I guess.
They always do. Why?
Like what questions?
Uh, nothing.
They just usually keep it
to the same 20 questions.
But they added one?
What was it?
"Did you take any
confidential materials home?"
Yeah, they're worried about
the next Snowden.
Shut up, J.
No. He's right.
Someone in this office
has been leaking
information to the press.
How do they know that?
IP addresses or something.
That's why they've doubled up
on the lie detector tests.
Are you worried?
No.
No. It's just more crap.
(laughs)
You know what you got to do?
What?
* You gotta fight
(murmurs rhythmically)
* For your right
* To ma... sturbate.
(laughs)
(line ringing)
ALICIA:
Hello.
POLMAR:
I have another legal problem.
ALICIA: Finn?
POLMAR: Yeah.
Yeah. They told me
you were at home.
I am. I'm heading out now.
They've taken my computer.
Who has?
I don't know.
I returned from court
and I'm staring at a computer
that looks like mine,
but they've stuck the Post-it
notes in the wrong places.
Well, what was on it?
(sighs)
Everything.
Anything that can hurt you?
I don't think so, but...
(sighs)
...it does have my notes
for the Jeffrey Grant
prosecution.
Okay. Let me talk to
the state's attorney.
I'd rather do it.
No. You need a lawyer.
Don't be your own lavwer.
(tapping)
HOPKINS: You know,
they did ask me a new question.
What?
(quietly):
On the lie detector test,
they asked me a new question.
What?
Did I know any co-worker
who took confidential
materials home?
And what'd you say?
Well, I said, "No."
Was that wrong?
DIANE: I'm sorry.
I was under the impression
No.
Alicia was the named partner.
CARY: Yes, and there's
an Agosto her Florrick.
Who's that?
Cary. Talking about the merger.
CARY:
But why wasn't I brought
into the loop?
He sounds different.
Yeah, I know.
CARY: Alicia doesn't
control this firm.
It's both of ours.
DIANE:
Then consider it, Cary.
A merger would
benefit both of us.
CARY:
No. It would benefit you.
You're overextended.
DIANE:
We are both overextended.
CARY:
No. We're a start-up.
Our natural state
is to be overextended.
You are mismanaged.
Wow.
Yeah. He's kicking ass.
CARY:
Now, all I'm saying is,
we need three-year guarantee
of untouched Chumhum revenues.
We'll give you one year.
Diane...
I'm not negotiating.
I'm stating.
Um... I have to go.
Uh, talk to Alicia.
I mean, see what she wants.
Well, Alicia's out sick
and I'm making the decisions
in the meantime.
Good to know.
(indistinct arguing)
DAVID:
So, are we merging or what?
JULIUS:
We need to do something.
I've been in the
New York office.
We need more
Chicago support.
Actually, I've had
a change of heart.
(sighs)
I think we should hold off
on any merger talk.
Really?
Florrick/Agos
not coming together?
I think we should
take some time
before we make
such a big decision.
I would tend to agree.
Well, when you argued so
passionately about a merger,
Diane, I made
a couple of calls
and discovered
a possnble swtor.
Don't you want to know who?
Hello. I'm Louis Canning.
I know some of you, and some
of you I want to get to know.
Diane.
First things first,
uh, these movements
that you see are from a
neurological disorder
I suffer from,
called tardive dyskinesia.
Well, we don't
discriminate here.
If people vote
against our merger,
I'm sure it'll be for
other reasons
than your disorder.
CANNING:
I want to say how much...
I respected Will Gardner.
In fact, I'm a bit overwhelmed
just sitting this far--
Sorry.
This far from his office.
__ I'm sure he's _
smIIIng down on us and saying,
"Don't make any
dumb decisions."
Dear God.
Are you really thinking of
putting the fox in charge?
Diane, just because
he has a condition--
He bankrupted us. Remember?
We went to bankruptcy court
because of him?
Diane, I know we've been
on opposite sides
with other cases, but...
I'm sincere when I say
I need what you have.
And you need
what I have.
What do you have?
Infrastructure in
New York and LA.
CASTRO:
Don't reveal
all your crime scene
photos at once,
or the jury will
become immune.
"The truth must
dazzle gradually,
else every man
be blind."
Mrs. Florrick.
Come
on In.
Then deliberately
hand the photos
to the jury.
You want them
to touch them,
feel responsible
for them...
(voice fading):
in order to encourage
your defendant
to accept a plea bargain...
Great.
Go forth,
and do
likewise.
Double homicide on Slst.
So...
am I a disappointment
to your husband?
What?
No.
Just, um...
having trouble
getting him
on the phone.
ALICIA:
Well, he's...
busy.
Are you
okay?
Yes. May I sit down?
Yeah,
of course.
Would you like some water?
No.
(clears throat)
Why did you take
Finn Polmar's computer?
Did I take
Finn Polmar's computer was taken
and he works for you.
Well, there's
a disciplinary panel
established by my predecessor,
your husband.
The InternalItStandards Unit.
IS
investigating
Finn's case.
If we're talking about
the Jeffrey Grant prosecution,
we already...
No.
All Finn's cases.
Sondra?
Do you have my other shirts?
I spilled juice on it.
He's just sitting
at your desk.
He won't
talk to me.
VVho?
CLARKE:
This is Cary Agos.
You can tell him.
Hey.
What do you need?
Hello.
I need
a lawyer.
You work for
the NSA?
I'm an independent contractor.
For the NSA?
Yes.
And... that's all
you can tell us?
I think I'm
in trouble.
I need
legal advice.
What kind
of trouble?
I took home a flash drive
from work, um...
and I uploaded something
to my home computer.
Okay.
What was on it?
A valentine, for
my sister's kids.
I drew it up at work,
but there were some...
confidential things
on the flash drive, too,
and they're asking questions
about it.
"They're"?
My system
admin.
We get weekly
lie detector tests.
They're... they're asking
if anything confidential
went home.
CLARKE:
Alicia, hello.
DELLINGER:
The NSA is no joke.
You can't talk on the phone,
or e-mail or text about me
or anything to
do with me.
CARY:
We use burners,
No, you can't
use any phones.
I'm serious.
Why?
Are they listening to us?
No.
Then what are you
worried about?
Every call you make,
every text, every e-mail
any of us makes,
it's-it's sucked up
and stored
by the NSA
until it serves
some later purpose.
There are word searches
that could pop my name
or my circumstances
up to the top.
Okay.
Give us a day to
discuss strategy.
Actually,
we need to
discuss this.
No, we don't.
(sighs)
Why can't you tell them
you took the flash drive home
accidentally?
Everyone is worried
about the next Snowden.
They won't believe me.
_ I don't want to
disappear one nIght.
Okay.
Come by tomorrow,
this time.
ALICIA:
What happened to
discussing cases?
We've had to make decisions
while you were out.
We can't take on any cases
involving the US. government.
We did at Lockhart/Gardner.
Yes, and when we're as
big as Lockhart/Gardner...
You don't need to get involved.
(phone ringing)
(clears throat)
Alicia Florrick.
CANNING:
Alicia, how are you?
Mr. Canning?
That's right.
I'm just calling to check in.
Um...
well, is there
something you need?
Well, come to think of it, yes.
I-I need my client back.
Your client?
Which one is your client?
Chumhum.
Wh-What's this about,
Mr. Canning?
Oh, that's right,
you haven't heard.
Uh, my firm is merging
with Lockhart/Gardner.
We're Lockhart/Gardner/Canning,
now.
We decided to keep Will's name.
It was a nice gesture,
don't you think?
(indistinct conversations)
Oh, wait a minute.
Sorry, I...
lost my pen,
I... (grunts)
Almost got it.
Almost.
No. I can't, I'm sorry.
Would you mind?
Sure.
Thanks.
I'm just getting used
to my new surroundings.
You got it?
No.
Ah, my hero.
Thank you.
You needed something?
Is that Will's?
Why don't I come back later?
Wait.
Look, I know he's your friend
and I know you hate
that I'm here.
But I'm gonna have to go
over Will's last 20 cases,
and I need everything you got.
No, no, no.
The real information.
The state of all investigations,
total result in costs,
bad facts, good facts.
I need everything you got.
Kalinda, I'm your boss now.
I need your help, please.
Great, last 20 cases
going back to July.
I need everything
that he sent out
to New York or LA.
Okay.
I know it's your instinct
to run back to Diane,
and tell her everything
I just asked for.
And my guess is it wouldn't make
a damn bit of difference
if I told you it was
confidential, so it's not.
But you're gonna have to learn
to trust me real quick.
I'm the new Will.
(glass shatters)
You're not the new Will.
So, we discussed it,
and we have a plan.
You need to be
a whistleblower.
I...?
You're not protected
if you took home
the flash drive accidentally.
But you are protected
if you took
the flash drive home
due to wrongdoing.
Well, what "wrongdoing"?
Well, that's the question.
Have you seen any wrongdoing?
(laughs)
No, seriously.
We have something
worked out for you.
But you have to do
exactly what we say.
Okay.
First you go back to work.
And you act
like it's a normal day.
There's a new one.
Russian car crash video?
Yeah.
Cows?
No, men with machetes.
I've seen it.
Not this one.
(laughing)
It goes on like
that for a mile!
I love Russians.
Hey.
You all set?
CARY:
And then when they tell you
to take the lie detector test,
you go and you answer honestly.
DELLINGER: About everything?
Yes.
MAN:
Is your first name Jeff?
Yes.
Did you pick
the number four?
Yes.
Have you ever removed
confidential materials
from the workplace?
Yes.
Are you currently in Illinois?
CLARKE:
And then you lay the groundwork
for your defense.
What?
Do you know
what Froines is doing?
Huh?
Froines, our system admin?
Do you know what he's doing?
Probably nothing.
No, he's checking up
on his ex-wife.
He's digging her calls
out of the bit bucket.
So?
I just think it's wrong.
(laughs)
Yeah, okay.
(mocking):
You know it's wrong?
They won't think
it's wrongdoing.
That's why you go to the office
of the general counsel.
(knocks)
Yes?
CARY:
And this is what you say...
I work as an independent
contractor for the NSA,
and I want to report wrongdoing
within the company.
I'm sorry?
CARY:
Before I go further,
this report
must remain confidential,
and there_ can be
no repercussnons for me.
That's true.
On multiple occasions,
I have observed my supervisor
monitoring his ex-wife's calls
and e-mails.
CARY:
And then it will no longer
be about your suspicious removal
of the flash drive.
You removed it
because you're a whistleblower.
That protects you.
And that's it?
Yep.
You go back
to your workstation
and you relax.
HOPKINS: That's odd.
Cary Argos just
mentioned the NSA.
In what context?
I can't tell, he's
in the background.
Background of what?
Clarke Hayden had
his phone on speaker.
Cary was passing by,
talking to someone
and he said something
about the NSA.
Maybe they're suing us again.
Shut up, J.
Let me hear it.
CLARKE:
You have to look for a way
to hand off non-billable tasks.
CARY: Look, it's the NSA.
That's the value prop...
What?
I couldn't hear anything.
Turn it up.
CLARKE: ...have to look
for a way to hand off
non-billable tasks.
CARY: Look, it's the NSA.
CLARKE: That's value proposition
of support staff.
That's it.
Huh.
(scoffs)
It's probably nothing.
He just read something online
or something.
Jeff?
Do you have a minute?
Sure.
(all oohing)
(imitates explosion)
You said Mr. Froines_was
usmg surveillance faCIIItIes
to follow his ex-wife?
That's right.
FROINES:
You're accusing me of what?
Well, thank you for meeting me.
No problem.
I don't want to be the enemy.
You're not the enemy.
Good.
You're the devil.
(quiet laugh)
That's why you need me.
How can you be an angel if
you don't let me be the devil?
That makes no sense.
Your partner Will
cut some corners.
And I'm-I'm not criticizing him,
because he was only doing
the dirty work that you
didn't want to do.
He was the one...
Uh, Mr. Canning?
You're in his office,
you're taking his cases.
What more do you want?
I want your respect.
(laughs)
Another martini.
I'm not the same man I was,
Diane, I've changed.
Good for you.
You're fighting me.
It's not gonna work
if you're fighting me.
Said the rapist to his prey.
(laughs)
That's incredibly offensive.
Mr. Canning,
you really want my respect?
Then stop playing games.
Stop treating me
like I'm one of your marks.
Just talk.
Use words to communicate
your needs and deSIres.
Um...
I want a home.
I've been drifting, and...
I need a place to call my own.
This is that place.
(sighs)
Okay.
Come on in.
We're ready.
Finn has exercised his right
to have his lawyer
in the session.
And you're welcome,
Mrs. Florrick.
I didn't realize
the state's attorney
was part of the unit.
I appointed him.
Good to see you, Jimmy.
Finn.
Uh, Mr. Polmar and I
have taken the liberty
to explain in depth any
questions that you might have
about his prosecutions
with the Cooke County
State's Attorney's Office.
This is a summary
of the evidence
and how much he worked
with Mr. Castro on each defense.
Prosecution.
Prosecutions.
Thank you.
And does this cover
the detention order?
Excuse me?
Finn's detention orders
In these cases.
We were told this was
about the four prosecutions.
(whispers):
Three prosecutions.
Yes.
Right. Three.
This was not
about Jeffrey Grant.
Yes, but it's about
the detentions in his cases.
_ What does this
Inscription here mean?
"GenDen."
You know what it means.
I know it usually means
"general detention."
Transferring a defendant
into the general population
with other criminals.
To encourage a defendant
to accept a plea bargain.
That_ is standard
operating procedure.
Will Gardner was shot and killed
by Jeffrey Grant.
Jeffrey Grant grabbed
the gun because he was being
intimidated and harassed
in general pop.
You put him there, Finn.
He's right. I did it, I...
I did it, I transferred him
to general population.
That's why he killed Will.
Clarke?
I need you to take
a case for me.
Which one?
Finn Polmar.
Why?
I'm not in a position
to defend him anymore.
(sighs)
Uh, would you excuse me?
Mr. Dellinger?
I've been suspended.
You have?
You can't be.
The system admin
was in the meeting
and accused me
of spying on him.
They can't be doing that.
They did.
They lowered my security
status to a red badge.
And you can't be saying
"NSA" anywhere.
It was picked up
on his speaker phone.
CLARKE:
We've been _
very careful about it.
DELLINGER:
They've assigned me
a new office.
I count Styrofoam cups all day!
I need to get my job back!
Okay.
We'll file a_ discrimination suit
against the NSA.
I think it's best to handle this
as a common workplace issue.
How did you know that?
How did I know what?
How did you know
that someone picked up NSA
from Clarke's speakerphone?
No, I said "it could be picked
up on his speakerphone."
No, you said, "it was."
Then I made a mistake.
(phone beeps)
Hello. It's Alicia.
Mom?
I need to tell you who's in
our conference room right now.
What? You can't...
You're listening to us,
aren't you?
Tell me, or I swear to God,
I will say your name.
Guess who's here
needing a lavwer.
Mom, are you all right?
Okay, okay. Yes, we are.
We're listening. Just hang up.
I'll talk to you later, Grace.
(phone beeps)
Tell us everything... now.
CARY: Well, is it just...
is it phones,
or is it e-mails?
CLARKE: He can't break
confidentiality,
or he'll be in real...
or he'll be in real trouble.
Wait a minute. Wait! Why us?
It's not you.
It's not personal.
Of course it's personal.
There was
a FISA warrant...
But why?
What did we do?
No, it's not
what you did.
You-You had a client,
Danny Marla.
Oh, dear God!
Are you freaking kidding me?!
The translator
at Lockhart/Gardner?
He is not a terrorist.
Well, he's a terrorist
sympathizer,
and you're the wife
of the governor...
CLARKE:
So why are you
listening?
But wait a minute.
You're listening to Peter?
It's a three-hop warrant.
We're not intentionally...
A three-hop?
So it's not just us.
It's anyone we talk to
and anyone they talk to?
No.
Then what?!
Um...
it's anyone you talk to.
It's three hops from you.
Get everybody off their phones!
Hey, no phones.
Get people off their computers!
Don't hit send.
(cell phone vibrating)
Use this... and pen and paper.
Hello?
Alicia, I just wanted to...
Eli, I was just on my way
to your office.
Oh, that's okay.
This will only take a second.
No, I'm on my way.
I'll see you in a minute.
Alicia, I was hoping
to get those files
for Mr. Polmar's case.
No, I decided
to stay on it.
Can you ask Robyn
to get whatever she can
from the state's attorney's
office's correspondence?
State's attorney's office?
Okay, sounds good.
Alicia, you didn't have to.
It was just a quick call.
You can't use
your phones anymore.
What?
You can't call me
on the phone anymore.
Why?
Let's go into your office.
Hello.
Hi.
Alicia was just saying
we-we can't call her.
The NSA is listening to us.
How do you know this?
I can't say, but I believe
the information is good.
When did they start
listening?
Before you were elected.
We discussed the_ ballot box
investigation.
Eli, if you're gonna
discuss this, I should go.
I don't want to be subpoenaed.
Thank you, Alicia.
Do you believe it?
I don't know.
There's a lot of paranoia
going around these days.
Who's our newest intern?
Why?
Adam, the guy with the beard.
Adam?
Would you mind ifI borrow
your cell phone?
Senator, Peter Florrick.
Peter!
How are you?
State or federal?
I'm good.
(mouths)
Senator, the reason I'm calling,
it's about this NSA
surveillance.
Yeah, that bastard Snowden.
The public doesn't get
why it's necessary.
Ah, yeah, well, I think I'm
with the public on this one
because I've heard a rumor
that I've been targeted
by the NSA.
What?
Yeah. My wife
and her law firm also.
No, they don't go
after governors.
There's too much downside.
Well, listen, Bill,
I know you're with the Senate
Intelligence Committee,
and could you just check around
for me?
Sure, I'll look into it.
Great. Thanks.
You think he'll tell the truth?
No.
Okay.
Is there something I should know
about you and Alicia?
No.
You're monosyllabic these days.
Yeah.
CARY:
And in the three years
as his supervisor,
have you ever given
Mr. Dellinger
a negative
work evaluation?
Yes, this week.
And before that?
No.
And was this negative evaluation
this week after he reported
wrongdoing to NSA General
Counsel Roger Garber?
Objection,
Your Honor.
You don't have to object.
Think of this more
as a workplace mediation
than a court of law.
Okay. I...
disagree with the counselor's
question.
An answer would violate
the State Secrets Act.
I am not asking for any details
regarding NSA programs.
My question addresses
the personal retaliation
and subsequent demotion
my client suffered
under Mr. Froines.
It concerns_the content
of an offICIal meeting
between Mr. Froines
and myself,
which is protected by
the State Secrets Act.
I can see how that meeting
should be protected.
Sustained. Or, please don't ask
that question.
Um, Mr. Froines,
have you ever asked my client
to monitor
a speCIfic target?
Again, State Secrets,
Your Honor.
JUDGE: About NSA
surveillance.
Okay, next question.
Mr. Froines, have you ever
assigned my client to a task?
Any task?
(scoffs)
Yes.
And was one
of these tasks
to monitor the personal
communications
of Karen Froines, your ex-wife?
That is definitely
State Secrets, Your Honor.
Oh, my God,
is this how
it's gonna be
the whole
entire time?
The defense is trying
an end-run around State Secrets.
(gavel banging)
That's enough.
Thank you.
Find a more fruitful path,
counselor.
(hushed):
What is your background?
My background? Irish. Why?
Anything else?
Mr. Agos,
anything else?
One moment, Your Honor.
What are you
thinking?
Let me try something.
Clarke Hayden, Your Honor.
If the NSA refuses
to be forthcoming
about my client's
wrongful demotion,
we will be forced to file
a civil rights claim
in federal court.
On what grounds?
This_ was an act of
discrimination
against a man from
a protected class.
What?
Mr. Dellinger,
what nationality are you?
Irish, Dutch and, uh, Cherokee.
Oh, come on.
How much Cherokee?
_ This nation has anti-
discrimination laws in place
to protect citizens
like my client,
a proud descendant
of the Cherokee Nation of...
Oklahoma.
GARBER:
This is absurd.
That claim is
an obvious pretext
that Mr. Dellinger
will surely lose.
CARY:
Maybe so, but even
pretextual cases become
a part of the record.
CLARKE: You know,
the public record.
The record open to the public.
Your Honor,
we ask for a recess.
Granted.
(phone rings)
Alicia Florrick.
CANNING:
Ms. Florrick, my goodness,
you sound different.
I expect to get your secretary.
Oh, no, it's just me,
Mr. Canning, at your command.
Well, I'll command, then.
Uh, I was surprised to learn
that you're being sued
for $6 million.
Uh, a malpractice suit
from when you worked here.
Going through the files,
are you?
You'd be surprised
what you can find there.
I'd like to make
a peace offering.
Lockhart/Gardner & Canning
are willing to assume
a portion of that
$6 million liability.
In exchange for?
Lessening your firm's
Chumhum burden.
(laughs)
Our burden?
I hate to say it,
but Chumhum needs the resources
of a national firm like LG&C.
Oh.
Mr. Canning...
what do you think of al-Qaeda?
What do I think of al-Qaeda?
Yes.
They're a terrorist
organization. Why?
I just wanted to know
what Louis Canning thought.
Hey, uh, I just got five alerts
on one call.
Who is it?
Someone new.
Louis Canning
talking to Alicia.
CANNING:
What do I think of NSA?
I don't know. I've always been
kind of a libertarian.
ALICIA:
Ah, Ayn Rand and all that?
CANNING:
She's an underappreciated
writer. So, no, I...
PETER:
Well, thank you for calling
me back, Senator.
BILL:
No problem, Peter. I got to keep
my golfing buddy happy.
(laughs) Tell me I'm not being
tapped and I'll be happy.
Hey, look, I have a direct line
to the offices in Illinois,
and I talked to all the people
out there,
and they say you're
in the clear.
Oh, good,
I'm relieved.
I was a little, uh,
I was a little worried there.
Hey, the new normal makes us
all nervous. But you're good,
and so is your wife.
Well, thank you again.
Mm-hmm.
Listen, um...
about that Westgate
construction site
that we were talking about
on the eighth hole,
there are a few things
I wanted to settle.
A few... Uh, what?
Listen, Peter, I...
The Westgate construction site.
Remember, we agreed to delay
discussion on compensation?
I thought we should
talk about that now.
No, no, no, I-I don't think...
Look, I'm coming out there
in a few weeks.
Why don't we
discuss it then, okay?
No, no, no, I think now's
a better time for me.
I think we agreed
to an equal split,
unless you've changed your mind.
Uh, Peter, that was just
between you and me.
And it is between you and me...
now... on the phone.
No, I mean, it is...
How is the Westgate
district doing for you?
Peter, stop.
For me, it's...
You've made your point.
No, my point is I want them
to stop
listening to me and my office.
I want them to stop listening
to my wife's law office.
For the next five months, I'm
going to call my wife's office
twice a week to discuss
the Westgate construction site.
So if you don't want
to be in the papers,
I would strongly suggest
that you use
your considerable influence
with the NSA
to take us off any lists
that we are on.
Do you understand me?
Bill, do you understand me?
It's this guy Froines.
Chuck Froines
out of the Illinois office.
He's the one driving this.
Get me his contact info.
It won't make a_difference
calling him.
Let me deal with that.
Just get me his contact info.
(phone hits cradle)
I am not worthy.
(laughs)
Your Honor, my client's home
was raided last night
due to the filing of
a DOJ crimes report...
A raid that proved
fruitful, Your Honor.
We recovered a classified
document in his desk drawer.
That wasn't classified.
That was a meeting schedule.
Your Honor, I can't be sure,
since I have not
been given a copy
of this evidence...
Implicit in the word
"classified"
is the idea it
can't be distributed.
But it is our understanding
the document in question
is a meeting schedule.
That's all. It was not
classified when it
was given to Mr. Dellinger
or when he took it home.
The NSA retroactively
classified it
because the raid failed
to produce the evidence
they were
hoping to find.
On the contrary, Your Honor,
the raid produced
this classified document.
It wasn't classified
until 12 hours ago.
This is the exact definition
of ex post facto law.
Your Honor, I would
like to call our client
to testify to the
innocuous contents
of this document.
Objection.
Or... whatever.
I disagree.
The Classified Information
Procedures Act
prevents a criminal defendant
from disclosing
_ classified
information.
CLARKE: Then I
would ask Your Honor
to review the contents
of the document
in camera.
Actually,
Your Honor,
you don't have the necessary
security clearance
to view
the document.
I'm sorry?
You and Mr. Hayden
and Mr. Agos
must apply for clearance
and be vetted,
if we are to
go forward.
I can't look at it?
I'm sorry, sir,
but you cannot.
CARY:
It's a list of meetings
and times, Your Honor.
Okay, then. I will apply
for security clearance,
as I assume you will as well,
Mr. Hayden,
Mr. Agos.
We will, Your Honor.
JUDGE:
And when it is granted,
we may
proceed.
CANNING:
Kalinda, can you
come here for a sec?
Have a seat.
Can I ask you a question?
Do you like working here?
I do.
Because I was looking at
your employment record,
and I noticed you chose
not to sign the contract.
You just like
being a free agent?
Don't like to
be tied down?
Yeah.
But you've been
here a long time,
so clearly you-you-you like it.
You must be happy, I mean...
certainly we pay you enough.
I am happy.
IfI were unhappy, then...
I wouldn't be here.
Well, there's a coincidence,
because if I was unhappy,
you wouldn't be here.
You can't work for Diane
and work for the firm.
Well, Diane's
a managing partner.
Yes, but if you work
for her exclusively,
then feed her information
that I discuss with you,
then let her pay you...
then we'll sue you
for return of _
employee compensation.
Hey, try me if
you think I won't.
Diane doesn't have the votes.
I have the votes.
You think I'd be here
ifI didn't?
What do you want, Louis?
I want to know what
Diane wants you to do.
Pretend to be close to you.
Find out whether
you're pushing her out.
Tell her I'm not.
You, uh...
seem happier.
I had a good night's sleep.
MATAN:
Mrs. Florrick.
Now that you've arrived,
we can begin.
I assume you've had
sufficient time
to consult with
Mr. Polmar?
Yes, thank you.
And I have a few questions
for you, Mr. Castro.
For me?
Yes.
By all means.
ALICIA:
Mr. Castro,
did you ever use the term
"GenDen" yourself
in any text
or memo to staff?
"GenDen" meaning
"general detention"?
Yes.
No.
It's not part of the
culture of my office.
ALICIA:
So it's not a term
or practice
you yourself use?
CASTRO:
That's correct.
Is this a cross-examination
of the state's attorney?
It's okay.
Happy to answer.
ALICIA:
I took the liberty
of having some slides loaded.
Mr. Castro,
you sent my client
a text
on March 16 of
this year that says,
"Is Jeffery
Grant G.D.?"
CASTRO:
Yes, I can see.
Can you tell the panel
what you meant by this text?
Perhaps you overlooked the fact
that you have used the term.
No.
"G.D." is not the term.
ALICIA:
I see.
So what did you
mean by G.D.?
Is the prosecutor
sufficiently prepared
to take the defendant
down to first degree?
"Going down."
I see. Thank you
for the correction.
No problem.
So in this text,
you write,
on April 6,
"I can't wait
to G.D. on Batiste.
What fun!"
You were saying,
"I can't wait _
to go down on Batiste.
What fun"?
No, that's not
what I meant.
What I meant was
I can't wait to
take him down.
By going down on him?
No.
That's not...
You-You're misinterpreting
my words.
Sir.
You used "G.D." to mean
"general detention,"
as everyone in this room
well knows.
And to act as though
Finn Polmar's behavior
is any different
from your own
is simple hypocrisy.
No.
You are trying
to scapegoat here,
and that is...
Excuse me.
Placing
defendants
in general population
was a tactic used by
the state's attorney's office
to soften up defendants
for a plea bargain.
You know this, Matan.
You used it.
So it is the height
of scapegoating
to blame Finn Polmar for this.
And it is almost criminal
to blame him for
Jeffrey Grant's actions.
He did what any prosecutor
in this room would do.
And you know this.
Well, you woke up.
Didn't you?
Oh, yeah.
It's time to kick some ass.
DIANE:
We know what you're up to,
Mr. Canning.
Oh?
And, uh...
we wanted
to thank you.
Will was anxious
to expand.
He was aggressive,
and the firm purchases
that he didn't tell us
about left us vulnerable.
Yeah, I bet that was, uh,
quite a surprise.
KALINDA:
How did you manage
to undo
the deals?
Well, the firms
that Will bought
both represent the
third and sixth
largest pharmaceutical
companies in the country.
Luckily for us,
I represent the largest.
DIANE:
So the clients conflict.
Yeah. Faced with the prospect
of firing their biggest clients,
uh, they were both
surprisingly amenable
to reconsidering
the purchases.
And the sports
firm in LA?
Well, there's no conflict there.
I don't represent anybody
in sports law. Do you?
DIANE (laughs):
No.
Well, you do now.
It seemed like
a good idea to keep them.
It's a growing field.
Well, it meant
a lot to Will.
Thank you.
I'm happy to help.
You know, you two
are overthinking this.
This hidden agenda that
you keep looking for, th...
there isn't one.
Well, um,
your track
record is a...
thing that's
hard to...
get past.
That was before.
It was the olden days.
I'm your partner now.
I may be a scumbag, but...
hey, I'm your scumbag.
*
(phone ringing)
Froines.
No, you have the wrong number.
Yeah. How'd you get this?
No, I don't have a car for sale.
(phone ringing)
Froines.
Excuse me, where'd you
get this number?
No, I don't have a car...
There's been some mistake.
(tapping on glass)
Is your first
name Charles?
Yes.
Are you in
Illinois?
Yes.
Are you now
a member
of any group
that advocates
the_ violent overthrow of the
United States government?
No.
Have you ever been
contacted by any group
that advocates
the violent overthrow
of the United States government?
No.
Administrative leave?
Why? What did I do?
Probably nothing.
It's just administrative.
Is this about
these calls?
What calls?
_ Five calls
asking about a car.
I don't know
anything about them.
Well... let's talk about
what you do know.
Nothing.
I'm being pranked, that's all.
Okay.
Let's take the calls
one at a time.
Who is...
Bilal Al-Dawoodi?
CARY:
Got some good news for you,
Mr. Dellinger.
The government's dropping
their case against you.
You can go back to work.
I left you a message
on your cell, too.
Call me back on either one.
You know, I knew it wasn't Dell.
No way.
What?
He's not
coming back.
How do you know?
Shut up, J.
Hans told me.
Hans?
I thought Hans
was the leaker.
What?
Where did you get that?
I don't know.
I heard he went
to Reykjavik.
Dell?
But he hates the cold.
Iceland has the hottest
women of anywhere.
You're thinking
of Sweden.
No, Iceland.
It's a known fact.
Bjork is from
Iceland.
The Florrick tap is over.
Done.
File your summaries
and close it down.
We need ears on
Gregorio ValenCIa.
Dearborn, Michigan, 31,
recently married.
Hey.
Hello.
Nice work.
Oh.
(chuckling):
Yeah, well...
You'd think the NSA
would know better
than to be spying on a governor
and his family,
but...
you know.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
Well,
since you're here,
I thought we'd, uh...
go over a
few things.
There is a fund-raising dinner
May 17.
And then there's
the July 4 gala.
Uh, what time
on the 17th?
Grace _is
cooking dinner
for her class.
It sounds elaborate.
It'll be
6:00.
Okay. I'll see if
Owen can stop by.
And then dinner with
the Canadian ambassador
on August 10.
And then on
September 4,
I have a Democratic
Committee fund-raiser
at the Chicago Cultural Center.
ALICIA: All right.
Um, the Sunday before August 31,
I have a client dinner with
James Paisley and his wife.
PETER:
Sunday? Yeah, I can be there.
The last week of September,
Eli has us scheduled
for a profile...
Captioning sponsored by
CBS
and TOYOTA.
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org